# The Story

## Module 00

The man did not know how much time had passed since he last slept. Around him? Trees. Trees as far
as his eyes could see. And it wasn't far. The obscurity. The silence. He was a bit scared, not
really knowing whether to continue.

The name was Cedric. A new student at the prestigious academy of Pragma. Magic was not a craft that
just anyone could learn, but he had what it took. He knew it. It's just that none of his professors
were of his opinion.

But this student, though careless, was not here by mistake. He had heard of great treasures, lost
within the forest. An hour, maybe two, he himself was not sure how much time had passed since he had
left the dormitories. Not exactly athletic, his legs started to ache. He was cold. But he had hopes.

"Ced'?" someone asked.

Cedric jumped, surprised by the voice suddenly breaking the silence.

## Module 01

It was another young one. A student, too.

"Kevin?" Cedric did not know how to respond. "The hell are you doing here?"

He was sure of it: no one knew what he longed for. He had not talked about it to anyone, and
certainly not to Kevin. Ced' was suspicious, the presence of someone like Kevin was bad omen.

"I knew you were up to no good!" Kevin yelled, proud of having found the runaway.

"You know nothing about me," Cedric retorted. "It's the only way!"

Kevin had heard the rumors too. Cedric was sure of it. It wasn't really a legend, nor was it a myth,
but something that somehow some people knew about within the academy. Not really a secret, but not
very well known. *Someone* was developping something, banned from the academy deep within the
forset. At least the rumor told so!

"You don't even know if it's true!"

"You did not come here just to tell me that, did you?" Cedric was losing patience. He had not a
single millisecond to loose, and Kevin, this idiot, was still talking nonsense.

He did not respond.

"Let me go with you," he ended up saying bluntly. "If you don't, I'm telling the professors."

## Module 02

Cedric hated to be forced to do anything. *And what if I don't want to?* he asked himself. Simple.
He knew Keven would definitely denounce him to the teachers. Ced' paused a minute, thinking what to
do. He knew it, there was only one thing to do: accept. He sighed.

"Let's go."

A sly smile appear one Kevin's face: he knew he would win from the start. The two students started
walking again.

"Why?" Cedric asked, after some time.

"How are you?"

Cedric blinked twice, looking at Kevin like he was an alien.

"Questions always go in pairs. That's how it works," Kevin continued, keeping his disgusting cheeky
smile.

Cedric wanted to stick one on him, but refrained himself. He was not into beating people up in the
middle of the forest. He wanted an answer, so he tried again.

"Why do you want to go with me? How are you?"

"I'm fine, thank you."

He was playing with him. And it wasn't even funny. Cedric contained himself once again. He knew
spells, but he also knew that using them against Kevin would create more problems than it would
solve.

"Why do you want to go with me? Why do you want to go with me?"

"How are you?"

"I hate you."

## Module 03

Cedric did not remember Keven being so... Stupid? But smart at the same time. When that did smartass
grew such balls? Ced' opened his mouth to counter attack, but changed his mind and instead looked in
front of hime. He had to admit, being out there with someone was still better than being alone. The
forest we not exactly known for being peaceful. It was surprising that nothing had happened since
the two students started their getaway.

Just as he thought that, Cedric felt something weird beneath his left feet. It was kinda sticky,
but it was closer to jelly than to glue.

"Careful!" Kevin yelled, taking a quick step back.

Cedric tried to follow Kevin but it was too late. His feet was stuck, and his shoe slowly started to
melt.

"Don't panic!" Kevin continued. "Give me a little space to work with."

But the victime of the slime did not hear Kevin, he was too focused on the creature that wanted to
eat him alive. He started to feel the body of the slime against his feet, and an increasingly
painful feeling followed. Suddenly, a flash appeared in front of him.

It was Kevin, whose right hand was stretched before him, a woried look in the eye. The two students
looked at each other for a couple seconds.

"Thanks," Cedric said, grateful but unconfortable. His pride had taken a serious hit. A mere slime
had made him lose composure... He had panicked.

With him having been so annoying for the past thirty minutes, Cedric had forgotten why Kevin had
been enrolled into the academy without a title of nobility. He *was* capable.

"Don't worry," Kevin simply said. "I got your back."
